# HTN Godot Plugin - Work in Progress

This is a plugin designed to work in the Godot Engine. It facilitates an easy to use visual node based graph editor to setup complex AI interactions for your game development needs.

The plugin can be seen as two parts:

- The plugin that is accessible once enabled at the top of the editor alongside the standard 2D, 3D, Script, and AssetLib buttons.
- The [Hierarchical Task Network](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hierarchical_task_network) (HTN) Planner node that can be seen under `res://addons/HTNDomainManager/HTNGameLibrary/htn_planner.tscn`

For more information on how to get started with using this plugin, please refer to the wiki pages setup with this repository.

- [Installation](https://github.com/JerenRaquel/HTNGodotPlugin/wiki/Installation)
- [Getting Started](https://github.com/JerenRaquel/HTNGodotPlugin/wiki/Getting-Started)

Thank you for taking some time to look at or use this plugin!

## Notice -- Project Work in Progress Status

The branch on Master is considered "Stable".

- There is a known bug with the Simulation System when a Domain Link Node is used in the graph. This will cause the plugin to crash.
- Using the Method Node can't handle a range condition. <br>
  ie. 50 < rng <= 80 <br>
  Line X: rng > 50 <br>
  Line X+1: rng <= 80 <br>
  The second condition will overwrite the previous.

Due to the certain technical debt within the serialization of files as well as how Godot handles exporting text files (ie. Resource files) when using `load()`, this branch is being rewritten into the 2.0 branch. <br>
This 2.0 version will be more space optimized for smaller files generated by the plugin, fixes for the Method Node range condition oversight, and removable of legacy features that were replaced with Nodes. <br>
Once the 2.0 branch is completed and tested for parity, it will replace the main branch, and a 1.0 branch will be created incase that is needed. <br>
Furthermore, in the 2.0 version, the Simulation System will be removed until a fix is found. (This is mainly an optimization question of how to load the sub domains into a graph that isn't loaded.)
